# Learning Python
Python learning from freeCodeCamp.org courses.

## Python for Beginners - Full course
Python main concepts tutorial. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eWRfhZUzrAc
### Rock, Paper and Scissors
An intro project to cover Python basics codes.
In this project, you are able to choose between rock, paper and scissors, and the computer choice will be randomly generated by Python lib.
After your input, you will receive a message telling if you win or lose.

### Fundamentals of Python
In this section, you will realize that there is no code available :(
The reason is because there was no need for coding, but if you are interested, please browse to the following link and check https://youtu.be/eWRfhZUzrAc?t=2632

### Blackjack Game
Common Blackjack game. In this project, you gonna play Blackjack against the computer, who is called Dealer.
You are able to select how many times you wanna play it.
Then the game starts. You receive 2 random cards and choose to hit or stand.
Whoever hits 21 first wins. Whoever passes 21 loses.


## Python Projects
20 Begginer Python Projects from https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pdy3nh1tn6I.

### Email Sender
Email sender built with EmailMessage lib and SMTP.

### Word Replacement
Simple program where you enter a word to replace and a word replacement.

### Basic Calculator
A basic calculator that asks for a operation, 2 numbers and prints the result.
You can do how many operations you want, and also exit the programing in the menu.

### Email Slicer
There, you can type a email and then you will receive 3 values: an username, a domain and an extension.
Example: example@gmail.com
  Username: example
  Domain: gmail 
  extension: com

### Quiz Program
The user get 7 statements to answer, everytime you hit the correct answer you get 1 point.
At the end, you see how many answers you hitted correctly and the percentage of it.

### Interest Rate Calculator
First, you need to input the loan amount, the annual percent rate and then the amount of years you gonna pay for it.
The program will calculate the interest rate you need to pay monthly.

### Random Password Generator
In this program, the user inputs the length intended to its password.
The program will shuffle characters of ascii table and print the result.

### Dice Rolling
The user can choose between roll the dice or end the program.
If the user chose to roll, the program will give it 2 values between 1 and 6 and print the result.

